0.  TODO
Q. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
A. It is a kind of disease.


1.  TODO
Q. ccording to its man page, what does getrusage do?
A. get resource usage -> to know how many resource do the code cost.


2.  TODO
Q.Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
A.16


3.  TODO
Q.Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, 
  even though we’re not changing their contents?
A. Because before and after are struct, it is more elegant to call a pointer and calculate the value inside it.


4.  TODO
Q.Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. 
  In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
A. 
1. Get one character from fuction fgetc(), create word[] to store each word and create a indext to record the location in each word.
2. Check the type of character:
  2.1: If the character is alpha, record it in the word[index] and move the index to next location. If the character is apostrophes and
       is not the first letter of word, record it in the word[next] and move on. 
  2.2: If the character is number, use the while loop to consume the rest of word or number until we meet the end of that string. Set the index
       =0 to recorde the new word.
  2.3: When the each character record in the word[] until it is not number or alpha and the length of word is >0, we set it as the end of that word
       with \0. After find a word, we record we find a word and check it wether it is in dictionary. If it is not in dictionary, we record one
      misspelled word.
  2.4: We will repeat the process until we read all the text we would like to check.
  

5.  TODO
Q.Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format 
  string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
A.There are charactor、signal and number in the entire file. We need to figure out the data type we read therefore we read one character
  each time and determine the type it belong to.


6.  TODO
Q.Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
A. So the value in dictionary and word cant be change and we can compare accurately.